if the Mercedes GLA 63s AMG Mercedes is
answer to the BMW x6m Porsche Cayenne
Turbo and the Range Rover Sport SVR now
lots of people get very hot under the
collar about the prospect of making a
2.3 ton 5 metre SUV into something
remotely sporting but let's face it they
sell really well these cars and so
Mercedes needs to make a really good job
of it does it feel like an AMG I've got
to say it does actually I mean the
engine is a real star in this this car
gets the five and a half liter Biturbo
v8 that we're now familiar with from a
lot of the 63 AMG s this s gets 577
brake horsepower and trust me it flippin
fast 4.2 seconds 262 so actually
for those who care about such things it
is faster than pea turbo and a Range
Rover Sport SVR and on the road it's got
so much torque I mean it really has that
you vert you've just got a big epic
acceleration complete with the 7-speed
tool converse gearbox not the nine speed
that you do get in the new 450 G le
which gets the v6 bi-turbo it's also 30
grand cheaper the 4:15 the 63 so that
could be an interesting one maybe the
better bike the four-wheel drive in this
car actually is a permanent system 40%
of the front concedes the percent to the
back so it's not active like in a
Porsche Cayenne or anything like that
bye it's pretty
the handling is a little bit
disappointing although the steering is
quite good it's got lots of precision
there's not a massive amount of feedback
sometimes mid-corner you wish you had a
bit more a bit more bite to it
more than that it's the fact that it
doesn't have the adjustability that you
would get in a KN turbo and the Range
Rover SVR even more so go hard into a
corner it just under steers sure I mean
it's absolutely chucking it down at the
moment which is going to emphasize that
you more
but you just don't get that kind of
little buddy respect that you can really
enjoy it those although you can you can
really really boot it into suppose there
you have to be very aggressive and it
can be quite Stanley's you've got
various different modes on the air
suspension which is standard it does
seem to be quite fun
a little bit fidgety and perhaps not
that comfortable in the UK over really
bad roads but having said that he's a 63
AMG and I think one of the best things
about this car it's really quiet you
just want to get home in peace or it can
sound like this
so look there's a lot to like back
Interiors really nice and the engines
fantastic the gearbox can be a little
bit hit and miss sometimes when it's in
auto mode is much better in manual mode
if you really want to drive it hard
normal driving is pretty good actually
if I had 96 let's call it 100k would I
buy it
overrun in the other sports SUVs I think
I'd probably be in a can or a Range
Rover but please sell this car
as we know AMD really know how to make a
car sound good and my god this car
sounds good